National Health Insurance(NHI) in Taiwan 
 
National Health Insurance
Regulations of health insurance
According to the National Health Insurance law, those who have lived in Taiwan for at least 6 months with an Alien Residence Certificate (ARC) should join the NHI.6 months of residence in Taiwan means that after entering Taiwan and obtaining a foreign resident permit, you have resided in Taiwan continuously for 6 months, or you have left Taiwan once for less than 30 days and the actual period of residence has reached 6 months after deducting the number of days of departure.




B. Insurance premium payment method and amount
According to the regulations, the university will include the health insurance premiums payable by foreign students in the tuition and fees bill for each semester, and the student will pay it at the same time when he/she registers.

The insurance fee for foreign students is NT$826 per month (according to the current fee schedule of the Health Insurance Bureau). The insurance fee is payable from September to February (NT$4,956) for the first semester and from March to August (NT$4,956) for the second semester.However, to protect the safety of students, before they can join the health insurance, they must apply for international student medical insurance (similar to health insurance), and the university will help international degree students apply for it.





C.Transfer to the NCKU to apply for health insurance are distinguish by following four situations
Situation1: New arrivals and freshmen who have lived in Taiwan for less than 6 months.International student medical insurance is required.
Situation2: Newly admitted students who have resided in Taiwan for 6 months
The Overseas Students and Scholars Services (OSSS) will assist you in enrolling in health insurance. Students should submit the "Health Insurance IC Card Application Form", " Alien Residence Certificate" and "2-inch photo" to OSSS for IC card application, and we will send the student IC card application form to the Central Health Insurance Bureau for verification and card production. You will be notified to pick up your card at the OSSS.
Situation3: You have already applied for insurance in another institution but want to transfer to NCKU to apply for insurance.
Please go to the original insured institution (e.g. language school, workplace, district/township office) for health insurance transfer and obtain a health insurance transfer form or certificate of transfer before coming to OSSS to apply for health insurance transfer.
Situation4: You are already insured at another institution and are not transferring to NCKU
Please inform the case officer at the OSSS and check your tuition and miscellaneous fee payment slips at the beginning of each semester to avoid duplication of payments.



D.Transfer-out of National Health Insurance
For Students who are under graduation/ suspension/ withdrawal/ expulsion, OSSS would carry out the Transfer-Out procedure. Students would have to participate in National Health Insurance on their own or with employer if they are not leaving Taiwan.
For school resumption students, please submit the stamped Student ID photocopy to OSSS after registration to apply for Transfer-In.





E. Loss OR Damage IC card:
Head to National Health Insurance Department Southern District Business Group (Address: No. 96, Gongyuan Road, West Central District, Tainan City, 700    Tel: 06 224 5678)
Complete Application Form for IC card Replacement
Photocopy of ARC (front & back)
Processing Fee: NTD 200.00
Retrieving on the spot







F. Notes for health insurance
1.You may apply for a health insurance card after enroll ling in health insurance, but only the first time a health insurance card is issued free of charge; after the second time, a card production fee of NT$200 is required.

2.New students may apply for health insurance if they have been in Taiwan for 6 months and are allowed to leave the country once within 6 months for no more than 30 days.

3.Health insurance is mandatory and failure to enrol after qualifying for health insurance may result in a fine of $3,000 to $5,000.
If you overstay your residence permit or change your visa, your health insurance will be invalidated, and you should apply for ISMI International Student Medical Insurance at the International Office.

4.If you continue to stay in Taiwan after graduation, you need to go to the National Health Insurance Bureau to apply for health insurance transfer and pay health insurance premiums, otherwise, you will be charged for the arrears.
