The registration processes are including total three steps (1) basic information login, (2) online registration, (3) on-site registration you must complete entire all these process.
 








(1)The specific notes for Basic Information Entry
In the basic Information Entry Step New students should fill in their personal information on the New Student Basic Information Entry website.
- ID number (or passport number): Default is the student ID.
- The system will be open for input until March 15 2024 . Therefore, please be sure to fill it out as soon as possible and print it.
- Returning students do not need to fill this out.


(2)The specific notes for Online Registration**
In the Online Registration step New students are advised to complete online registration before coming to Taiwan, divided into two parts.First, new students should complete the online payment of the registration fee. For relevant payment information, please refer to: [Cashier Information](http://cashier-ufo.ncku.edu.tw/p/412-1096-20553.php?Lang=zh-tw).Secondarily, please fill out the OSSS online registration system: [OSSS Online Registration](http://management.oia.ncku.edu.tw/service/index/index/pid/22)
   - The system will be open for input starting from now. If specific documents such as residence permits, postal documents, etc., cannot be provided temporarily, they can be skipped for now.
   - Once online registration and payment of the registration fee are completed, it will be considered as the completion of registration. If you have any questions about online courses, please consult your department for detailed information.


(3)The specific notes for On-Site Registration**
In the On-Site Registration new student registration period: February 19 -23, 2024.
Please make sure to check in at the Division of Overseas Students and Scholars Services' office as the first station upon arriving at the campus.Our office is located on the 1st floor of the East Building of Yun-Ping Building, Kuang-Fu Campus, National Cheng Kung University.
Documents to submit (please bring originals and copies):
1. 2-inch photos: 1
2. New student information form: 3
3. Student comprehensive information form: 2
4. Proof of highest education: 2
5. Personal identification documents (passport, visa, residence permit, Taiwanese ID card, entry permit, etc.): 2
6. Admission notification: 1
7. Insurance information: 1
8. Proof of financial hardship: 1
9. Post office passbook: 1


The documents you need to submit on registration day.
(1) Proof of the highest educational attainment from foreign schools verified by Taiwan's overseas embassies, representative offices, or other diplomatic institutions of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is required. If the graduation certificate is not in Chinese or English, please provide a certified translation in Chinese or English. Failure to provide this document and the required documents for registration upon reporting to Taiwan will be considered as incomplete registration, which will affect enrollment eligibility.
(2) Six or more 2x2-inch personal photos taken within the last six months (used for student ID, school basic information, Taiwanese residence documents, and other document applications).
(3) Overseas medical and injury insurance verified by Taiwan's overseas embassies, representative offices, or other diplomatic institutions of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, or Taiwan's National Health Insurance.